Please read our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Since switching to Bitcoin Cash, Satoshi Dice has been responsible for nearly half a million on chain transactions!
Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin XT appreciation thread
It should be obvious why so many developers are building on $BCH. #BitcoinCash is the largest cryptocurrency that supports fast and simple micro-payments.
"Today, I’m thrilled to announce that Coinbase has acquired Earn.com, and as part of the acquisition, Earn’s co-founder and CEO, Balaji Srinivasan, will join Coinbase as the company’s first Chief Technology Officer (CTO)."~Brian Armstrong
Memo accounted for more than 10% of BCH txns in last 24hr. Amazing!
MERCHANT MONDAY!!! Share your stories of persuading businesses to accept Bitcoin Cash!
OpenBazaar listed as top Dapp of 2018!
Coffee Shop in Osaka is accepting Bitcoin Cash, and offering a discount too.
BIP70 Payment Protocol, can we do better?
Best place to go on summer vacation using crypto?
"Just sent #Bitcoin Cash to a small Fiji island called Levuka using @CoinText. Instant, easy and very low fees!" - @Open_a_Window
Event Horizon in Berlin this week: How Bitcoin Cash and Centbee Wallet are enabling Energy Access through Cheap Digital Payments for the Unbanked.
Thank you for your support. Tickets for The London Bitcoin Cash Conference is now SOLD OUT! We're heading for a full house.
Where can I get the BCH PLS t-shirt's or even BCH stickers?
For people interested but haven't taken plunge, how to acquire bitcoin cash?
"Even at their recent peak, [cryptoassets’] combined global market value was less than 1% of global GDP. In comparison, just prior to the global financial crisis, the notional value of credit default swaps was 100% of global GDP." - Crypto is not a zero-sum game. We need to support the technology.
One of the best BCH promo videos so far.
This is what centralization looks like:
Templates to encode/decode/classify P2PK/P2PKH/P2MS/P2SH/nullData txs w/ BITBOX
Peace to the BTC Hodlers. We’re all trying to make money. BUT BCH is kinda incredible. You sure you want to stick with the BTC bandwagon?
Working freelance in and around cryptocurrencies
Usability: "We don't need a guide when using credit cards or cash. The fact any guide at all is needed to be created for p2p commerce is a problem we shouldn't have. No barriers to entry are the goal. "
Amazing how people suddenly realize they don’t own their data on Facebook. Let’s see how they react when they find out they dont own the money in their bank accounts either!
The Daily Shitpost: The Honest Coin - The Most Honest Cryptocurrency Ever!
Bermuda Reveals Draft Crypto Regulations, Plans to Embrace ICOs
Memo is great!! : D
Just won a $50 BCH giveaway from Chronos :D. Go check him out, he puts out great content about BCH and crypto in general!
Give me your micro, your spam, YOur huddled TXs yearning to breath free, The wretched refuse of your teaming chain. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me. I lift my lamp beside Bitcoin Cash!
Bitcoin as a store of value for the rich — The commonly used analogy for Bitcoin as a store of value is Gold. When you consider the concentration of Bitcoin ownership, this may actually not be true.
CoinGeek features The London Bitcoin Cash Conference 2018 as an event that celebrates Satoshi’s vision.
r/dashpay seems to support BCH over BTC
